We need to have a system that directly fetches the sample sheet from the LIMS.
This is because if a sample sheet is re-generated after a run starts then we want to
avoid manually copying it over.

Also, right now we have to have two sample sheets - one for the old pipeline and one for
the new. They are generated in parallel but the new one is hidden. Down the line we might
still want to do this because the 2500 machine needs a special format of sample sheet,
but presumably we can use the 'regular' format for bcl2fastq/illuminatus and thus avoid
having to deal with multiple formats right through our pipeline. (Failing that we can maybe
convert up-front).

How to fetch the sample sheet:

1) sftp from clarity.genepool.private

Needs: firewall change to enable login from gseg
       suitable shell account on the VM
       SSH key sharing (password-less)

Pros:  simple to code
Cons:  key sharing can be fiddly
       maybe security implications

2) GET from http://clarity.genepool.private

Needs: small CGI script on the server, eg.
       http://clarity.genepool.private/cgi-bin/get_sample_sheet.cgi?fcid=AAABBBCCC
       policy for who can access that endpoint (allow/deny)

Pros:  simple to code, no password/key sharing
Cons:  ad-hoc script to maintain
       not sure if we can add random scripts to that Apache server

3) Fetch via API

Needs: code to walk the API
       sample sheet to be registered in the API database

Pros: does not introduce any extra system requirements
Cons: complex to code (but we need to code against the API anyway)

We may have to do 1 or 2 and then later 3. Let's look at 2 for now.

... I'd not thought about

4) Fetch via SMB/CIFS.

We're already exporting the sample sheets this way so that the sequencers can see them.
Simply use 'smbclient' to grab the files. Or else Stewart will mount the share directly
on the login node so the whole thing reduces to a simple file copy operation.

Note that smbclient is already on headnode1, can easily be added to gseg-login0.

Stewart will sort this out this week.
